Add documentation for infrastructure. (#5146)
rubyforgood/human-essentials: docs/infrastructure.md

* To restore this to your local database, you need to have an AWS account which has been given access to the `human-essentials-backups` S3 bucket. Once this is in place, and your [credentials are set](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html), you can run `rake fetch_latest_db`, which will download the S3 file, blow away your local DB and replace it with production. Obviously only core team devs will be given this access. 

Note that this can't use RDS database backups as there is no easy way to restore one of those to your local database.

## Integrations

We have accounts with the following services:

* [SmartBear Insight Hub](https://app.bugsnag.com/ruby-for-good/human-essentials/overview?release_stage=production) (previously Bugsnag) - provides error traces in a handy inbox.
* [Newrelic](https://one.newrelic.com/) - provides APM traces and log aggregation. We have a free account, so only one user can see this information at a time.
* [Knapsack Pro](https://knapsackpro.com/) - this allows us to easily split up our tests on CI in a way that evenly divides the runtime.

## CI

> We have a number of CI processes that run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a number of CI processes that run, powered by github actions:
```

* Every PR has to pass lint and RSpec tests.
* We have an auto-comment CI that runs after each release and comments on the PRs that went into it.
* We have Dependabot set up to auto-create dependency upgrade PRs.
* Issues are automatically marked as stale after 30 days and unassigned 7 days after that.

## Deploys

Deploys are handled by Cloud66. The process is as follows:

> * A Git tag is created and pushed onto the `main` branch.
> * A new release is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `production` branch is updated with everything in `main`
* A Git tag is created and pushed on the same commit as `production`
* A new release is created in github with a rough changelog
```
